Oh, Elise got a pug!
She's so cute
The pug??
Sure
Oh, look at this! She was in New York the same time I was!
Oh, you were in New York?
No way
*sarcastic giggle* You didn't know?
No . . . ?
I uh, posted it on my story
Oh . . .
You didn't watch it?
I didn't get a chance to check Instagram
For 24 hours?
I'm still getting used to the new updates
Oh, hey, look they have a fijrito here, your favorite!
You should totally get that
I had that for lunch yesterday!!!
How did you not see that?
Oh, how was it?
Delicious, which you would have known, if you saw my tweet
The chef even gave me a mention . . . (sad tone)
Do you even follow me, bro?
Of course!
To be honest, yesterday I was just super busy with...
Your grandma!
I know! You went to Dim Sum. Thanks for the invite!
How did you know that?
Because! I check your posts!
I even double tapped! Which apparently, you didn't notice.
Class act, Matt.
*sigh*
Hey! Kevin, right?
Elise? What are you doing here?
Just fighting off some jet lag
Oh! Where did you go?
New York!
No way! I was just there too!
What? We should've met up
You could've met my puppy
You have a dog?
Yeah. She's a pug
She has a pug!
I gotta go, but, yeah, let's catch up sometime, ok?
Oh! Tots
You already knew those things!
Why can't you tell her?
Oh! That would be creepy!
And its not creepy if I do it?
No Matt.
Because we're friends and real friends stalk each other.
You want me to stalk you?
Do I want to see your gym selfies?
Do I want to notice that you wore that same shirt yesterday?
Not necessarily, but you cared enough to share that information with me
And if you care, I care.
I stalk because I care.
You're right. You're right.
I'm sorry man.
It's alright.
Yo! Hey!
Oh, hey
Sorry i'm late, uh, I have so much to tell you
There was a traffic jam because there was..
..a truck spilled backpacks all over the freeway
Yeah, I saw
Oh, my post?
Yeah thats funny. Hashtag roadkill?
Oh, yeah, yeah, thanks.
I finally got to try...
Eric's Donut Bar! You, uh, checked in, so
Underwhelming
Forgot I posted that
Yeah.
Uh.. Oh! Well my sister finally had
the baby, Samantha, six lbs 7 oz?
Yeah, I saw. Congrats
Oh!
I already saw the photos.
Oh, okay
Well, what are you, what do you want to do now?
I guess we can go home?
Oh! Okay. Yeah.
You should get that
I had that for lundjlksdj
Tots!
You already knew all those things!
*laughing*
Like those,  those like inflatable
Hey guys! Hope you enjoyed watching that fun and relatable sketch
Yeah, it was a nice return to the real friend series again.
Yeah, in case you didn't know uh, its an ongoing series we've done
I was actually in the first one.
Oh yeah. Its nice to do a more modern take this time around
Wes, admit it, you want your followers to double tap.
Especially your friends.
Yeah, what can I say? I mean why am even posting it if you're not going to double tap?
Hey, yeah I see its okay Wes, I just don't to let you know every time, okay?
Well honestly, it really is hard these days to not, you know, stalk people online
with all the different types of social media
Too many
Shoutouts to Motoki and Nika for helping us out in this sketch.
Its always fun to work with new faces.
And all those expressions.
Yeah.
And also we got a brand new shirt design inspired by this sketch
Yeah, don't be like my character, and let your friends know
I don't just like you, I like for like you
Its even better.
Shirts really cool, and its going to be available for a limited time only
so make sure you hop on that as soon as you can. Links below
And remember, we want you to stalk us.
On all the social media
Uh-huh. Because we're stalking you.
Yeah. But not in real life
No. There's a fine line.
Its called the online.
Bye!